Course Companion was conceptualized as an app to help students search their friends’ schedules. Because the app is meant to be used for a quick search, we decided to transition from a web app into a IOS mobile app using React.js as a base in the development of the app and React Native aid with the IOS UI software. Other useful libraries and resources were Axios to help send asynchronous HTTP requests, Navigator for browser detection and finally, Expo to use as our framework. All of these components were used to work on both the front-end and back-end of the IOS app; the Realtime Database from Google Firebase was used to store and query through our users. 
Since our data was not very complex and contained only a person object and their classes, we decided to opt for the Realtime Database over the Firestore Database. This made it possible to easily access and view our data through a single JSON tree. Because Google Firebase targets mobile developers, testing and debugging the app was relatively simple. Another key component that streamlined the development process was the use of the Simulator feature from the app Xcode. After downloading Expo to the device, it was simple to create changes within VSCode and look at the changes being implemented in real-time. Because Google Firebase easily stores user data, we also decided to implement email and password-based login authentication. 
Considering that our users were going to be limited to students that wanted to quickly sort through information, we decided to make the app as streamlined and straightforward as possible. The sign-up feature was implemented in order to continue growing the database—in order for students to look at their peers’ schedules, they must also forfeit their information for fairness. By asking for the full name of the student, duplicate names would be less likely and by asking for a confirmed password, students would be less likely to input the wrong one. Another small detail to note is that auto-capitalization was enabled for the full name text box but not the password or confirm password text box to avoid confusion.
We wanted to make the feature of adding classes as fast as possible since they would be most eager about looking for the schedules of other students. The process was as simple as inputting your classes and their days and times—weekend days were omitted and selecting the day was an easy process. After signing up, students would be greeted with a database of all current users in the app. We figured that because the database would continue growing, we would make the list of students into a flatlist to be able to scroll through them and also a search bar. The search bar would be case insensitive in order to provide users with a more user-friendly interface. Once users found the student they were looking for, they were met with the schedule of the student and saw the class name and times of the class. 
Finally, students were given the opportunity to sign out at any point with the button being prominently placed at the bottom of the home screen. Signing back into the app was simple—another thing to note is that if users attempted to sign up with the same email address, the app would not create a new user. Another condition was that users were expected to input passwords of 5 characters or longer for security reasons. 