Hi! Welcome to Course Companion, an iOS app that allows users to input their class schedules and view the schedules of other users. There are two ways to access our application.    
Method 1: On a Mac, open our code files in your preferred IDE. This entails downloading the zip file we have submitted. For simplicity’s sake, we recommend the CS50 VSCode IDE. You also need to have XCode downloaded, which can be be downloaded from the App Store by searching “XCode.” In the IDE terminal, type in "expo start" and enter and then type in "i" and enter in order to enable Expo on your computer. What will appear on your screen is a simulated iPhone 13 that has our app opened. 
Method 2: On an iPhone, you need to download the app “Expo Go," which can be found in the App Store by searching for “Expo Go.” Next, on your computer, in the codefiles we submitted, go to the file within the assets folder named “expoQRCode.png”. Clicking on it, you will see a QR code. In the iPhone Camera app, scan the QR code and click “open.” This will take you to our app, which is displayed in the Expo Go app. 
Using Course Companion: 
Note: To navigate back and forth between sequential pages, swipe forward or backwards. 
Getting Started: On the homepage, you will see the words Course Companion, the Yale Logo, an email input box, a password input box, a Sign In button, and a Sign Up button. At the bottom is a reminder for new users: “Not already a user? Sign up now!” 
For new users: Click the Sign Up button. You will be shown a few fields. Input your email (it can be anything that has the following format “____@___.__”. For simplicity’s sake, we recommend making an account like this” “firstname@yale.edu.” Then, in the next box, input your full name. Input any password you like, so long as it is at least 5 characters long. Confirm your password by retyping it in the corresponding box, and click “Sign Up.” If you input a password less than 5 characters, when you press the sign up button, nothing will happen
The page you will be taken to is AddClass. Type in your class code and number into the text box (for example, CPSC 100). Then, select the days that your class is on (ex: M (Monday) and T (Tuesday) etc.). Input the starting time for each day sequentially in the text boxes that appear (ex: 1:00pm and 8:00pm). Then, click the “Add Class” button. Do not press done until you have finished inputting all of your classes. This will add the class code and number to a list at the bottom of the screen. Repeat this until all your classes are added (you will see the list at the bottom). Then, click “Done.” You will be taken to a scrollable screen that shows fellow users (with some users that we pre inputted) and a search bar where you can search for specific people. When you click on names, you can view their schedules. If you are done browsing, you can then sign out by clicking the button “sign out” or by navigating backwards by swiping back to edit your schedule. Signing out will take you back to the home screen. 
If you’re signed out but have already made an account, on the home screen, input your email and password and click “Sign In.” (If you try to sign in with an account that does not exist, when you press the sign in button, nothing will happen.) This will take you directly to the screen that displays the names of users which you accessed when you signed up. If you click on any given name, you can see the classes they have input and the days/times they will be taking them. You can also search for users. This list of names displays all the other account holders in the app. 